hi everyone this is chef ray Alon G on
the Executive Chef of Turner's yaw
gastropub in Pembroke mass and today I'm
gonna show you my version of a cool
little dish it's actually spaghetti with
truffle butter so truffles are very very
expensive they're very hard to come by
at least in this part of the town so
what I've used and you can use the same
thing is truffle shavings you can buy
them relatively inexpensive and they
have a great flavor basically when they
use truffles for certain things the
shavings they save and you can buy the
shavings so a lot less money so what
I've done is I've cooked off some pasta
in salted with boiling water for about
seven to ten minutes really heavily
salted cooled it down a little bit and
now I've heated it back up to use on my
dish what I'm gonna start off with is
I'm gonna add a little bit of truffle
white truffle oil now this you have to
be very very careful with it has a real
pungent flavor I've added a little bit
in the butter I've added some shaved
truffles in there I'm going to use a
little bit Parmesan cheese I'm gonna use
a little bit of scallions just shave
scallions on top so what I'm gonna do
right now is I'm gonna put some truffle
butter that I made right in my pan I
don't want it to melt to the point where
it turns back into like an oil I just
want to soften it for the most part and
then I'm gonna add my hot pasta to it
now you can smell the oil from that from
the from the butter because I have some
that truffle oil and it's got like a
little peppery smell to it like a really
earthy peppery smell to it I mean it
makes a great dish you don't need a lot
in there believe me just that just a
little bit goes a real long way okay I'm
gonna add a little bit of grated
Parmesan cheese to it because that's how
I like it I'm gonna add some scallions
to it I've got some salt and pepper now
this is really easy I made the butter
ahead
salt pepper truffle shavings a little
bit of truffle oil and I kind of mixed
it soft and made it like that so you
don't really need a whole lot of
seasoning to it okay perfect now I'm
gonna add a drop of truffle oil and I
mean a real real drop
perfect that's that's a lot but it's got
a great great woodsy kind of peppery
flavor to it a smell to it all right
perfect
now the way I'm gonna play it is I'm
just gonna play it in a big bowl I'm
gonna put some Parmesan cheese over the
top I'm gonna add a little bit my
scallions to the top of that that's
pretty simple so I just want to have a
nice twist on this so it has a nice
little presentation when you serve it
there we go a little bit of grated
parmesan on top so my shaved scallions
on top of that so there you have it
spaghetti with truffle butter my name is
chef Relangi I'm the Executive Chef of
Turner's yard in Pembroke I hope you
enjoy this